Add docs for controllable parameters API (#73734)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/modular-embedding.md

- **Allow alerts**: lets people set up [alerts](../questions/alerts.md) on embedded questions. Requires [email setup](../configuring-metabase/email.md). Only for authenticated (SSO) question embeds.

## Pass parameter values to embedded components

> You can pre-populate dashboard filters and SQL parameters from your page, push new values at runtime, and listen for applied changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set dashboard filters and SQL parameters from your page, push new values at runtime, and listen for applied changes.
```

Set values on mount via attributes. The component reads them once on load and ignores any subsequent changes to the attribute. User widget edits are not reflected back to your page.

```html
<metabase-dashboard
  dashboard-id="1"
  initial-parameters='{"state": "NY"}'
></metabase-dashboard>

<metabase-question
  question-id="42"
  initial-sql-parameters='{"product_id": 50}'
></metabase-question>
```

Attributes carry JSON. Pass an object whose keys are parameter slugs (dashboards) or SQL variable names (questions).

### Push values at runtime with `parameters` / `sqlParameters`

For controlled behavior, set the JS property on the element instead of the attribute. The component re-renders to apply the new values.

```html
<metabase-dashboard id="my-dashboard" dashboard-id="1"></metabase-dashboard>

<script>
  const el = document.getElementById("my-dashboard");
  el.parameters = { state: "NY" };

  // Later, change a filter from your app:
  document.getElementById("clear-state-button").addEventListener("click", () => {
    // `null` strictly clears the parameter (ignores its default).
    el.parameters = { ...el.parameters, state: null };

>   });

Reviewer: Should we drop this clearing event listener? Include it in a separate section w/ codeblock below? The clearing params docs deserves its own section.

</script>
```

The same pattern works for `metabase-question` via the `sqlParameters` property.

To switch a component back to uncontrolled mode (leaving the last applied values in place), set the property to `undefined`. To clear every parameter, assign an empty object `{}`.

> ### Observe applied changes with `parameters-change` / `sql-parameters-change`

Reviewer: The language between these mod components and SDK should be the same. Here we're talking about "observing", in the SDK we're talking about syncing/controlling. Can we describe them in the same way for consistency?

Listen for events to keep your page in sync with what's actually applied:

```html
<metabase-dashboard id="my-dashboard" dashboard-id="1"></metabase-dashboard>

<script>
  const el = document.getElementById("my-dashboard");

  el.addEventListener("parameters-change", (event) => {
    const { source, parameters, defaultParameters, lastUsedParameters } =
      event.detail;
    console.log(source, parameters);
  });
</script>
```

> The `event.detail` object delivered to a `parameters-change` listener has these fields:

Reviewer: This is virtually the same list as in the SDK. Here we're talking about event listeners, there we're talking about callbacks. Can we consolidate these docs?

- `source` - why the event fired:
  - `"initial-state"` - post-load snapshot, fired once per dashboard load.
  - `"manual-change"` - user edited a parameter widget.
  - `"auto-change"` - the values you pushed via `el.parameters` were stored differently than you sent (for example, a scalar wrapped into an array, an unknown slug ignored, an explicit `null` applied as a clear). Re-sync from `parameters`.
- `parameters` - the currently applied values, slug-keyed.
- `defaultParameters` - the dashboard's default values, slug-keyed.
- `lastUsedParameters` - the values this user last applied to this dashboard, slug-keyed. Empty if the user hasn't applied any parameters yet.

For SQL questions, listen for `sql-parameters-change` on `<metabase-question>`. Its `event.detail` has the same shape minus `lastUsedParameters`.

> If a value you push via `el.parameters` is applied unchanged, no event fires (your page already has the values, no need to echo them back).

Reviewer: Why not just a success message confirming the values are set as expected?

Author: I removed this part, it's a bit incorrect
